Why are you applying for financial aid?
Sir,
I am applying for financial aid due to the unfortunate fact that I am incapable of bearing the cost of the course.
I am a student at Indian Institute of Technology from the Mathematics and Computing branch and currently I have incurred a lot of debt corresponding to my educational expenses.
Being a student with no part-time jobs whatsoever, I have zero sources of income making it implausible for me to pay for any course I am genuinely interested in.
I have tried to take on many co-curricular activities namely competetive coding, musical and sports competitions in the sense to earn some funds but that hasn't worked out too well for me yet and thus I need this a little more badly.
I am really passionate towards Machine learning thus this program is very important to me and I'll be extremely obliged if I can be provided with the financial aid necessary.

How will your selected course help with your goals?
Sir,
I have always been extremely curious to learn Machine Learning and its real world applications in the view of progression in the field of STEM.
I also find synchronisation of mathematics with computer science (resulting in Machine Intelligence) extremely fascinating and thus I believe this course will provide me with all the right ingredients for my betterment and development of computational and scientific skills with the integration of algorihtms and designs.
This course will bridge the gap into the world of Machine Learning for me and help me enter my field of interest.
I have always been very keen on studying Machine learning and its application in the real world and in the advancement of science and technology.
The content of this program will help me understand the world of Machine learning a lot better and provide me with a platform to enter it.
I am very passionate about integration of mathematics with computers and the resulting Machine Intelligence and I thus believe that this course will provide me with exactly what I need to purse Machine Learning as my field of study.
